Captain Fury has requested to make an application for the S.H.I.E.L.D to track the missions 
assigned to each avenger. Currently, there are 6 avengers in the team, Iron Man, Captain America, 
Hulk, Thor, Black Widow and Hawkeye. With time more superheroes can be added to the team. We need to 
create an application that can track the mission status assigned to each avenger and can also assign a 
new mission to the avengers. So you are requested to create the interface for Captain Fury as of now.
As of now, Captain Fury can assign a maximum of two missions to any avenger at any point in time, 
Captain can also update the mission status.
Avengers can check the mission details assigned to other avengers but cannot assign a new task, 
but for now, we will create an app for captain fury only. But we need to keep in mind that at some 
point avengers will also be able to access the app with fewer privileges.
Below is the expected behavior of the application:
● Captain Fury can check the status of all the avengers (if they are available to take any mission or 
already on a mission)
● Captain Fury can also check the status of all the missions.
● Captain Fury can update the status of the mission. (Once mission is completed then
avengers should be available to pick the next mission)
● Captain Fury can check the details of any mission.
● Captain Fury can assign any mission to avengers. Max two missions can be assigned
to any avenger as of now.
● Captain Fury can assign an individual avenger to any mission. (But at any point max
two avengers should be assigned to any mission.)
● Once the mission is assigned to any avenger, a notification will be sent to that
avenger by email/SMS/pager


Welcome to Captain Fury. (Note: Below interface is for Captain Fury)
1. Check the missions
2. Assign mission to Avengers
3. Check mission’s details
4. Check Avenger’s details
5. Update Mission’s status
6. List Avengers
7. Assign avenger to mission.



Enter the option: 1
No Mission has been assigned to an Avenger.



Enter the option: 2
Enter Avengers: Thor, Hawkeye




Enter Mission Name: Find the Space Infinity Stone
Enter Mission Details: Loki has stolen the Space Infinity Stone which needs to be captured ASAP.
Mission has been assigned. Email notification sent and/or SMS notification sent.


Enter the option: 2
Enter Avengers: Black Widow, Hawkeye
Enter Mission Name: Get the Hulk back
Enter Mission Details: Hulk has gone underground again, find him and bring him back.
Mission has been assigned. Email notification sent and/or SMS notification sent.


Enter the option: 2
Enter Avengers: Hawkeye
Sorry, Hawkeye has already been working on two missions.



Enter the option: 1 
Mission Name                           | Status                    | Avengers
Find the Space Infinity Stone          | Assigned                  | Thor, Hawkeye
Get the Hulk back.                     | Assigned                  | Black Widow, Hawkeye




Enter the option: 3
Enter Mission Name: Get the Hulk back
SHIELD Coding Problem
Mission Details: Hulk has gone underground again, please find him and bring him back. Mission Status: Assigned
Avengers: Black Widow, Hawkeye


Enter the option: 4
Enter Avenger Name: Iron Man
Person Name: Tony Stark,
Abilities: Highly Intelligent Suit of Armor Mission Assigned : 0
Mission Completed : 0


Enter the option: 5
Enter Mission Name: Get the Hulk back 
Enter new status: Completed

Email and Sms are sent to Black Widow, Hawkeye



Enter the option: 1
Mission Name                            Status                        Avengers
Find the Space Infinity Stone          Completed                     Thor, Hawkeye      
Get the Hulk Back                 Black Widow, Hawkeye             Black Widow, Hawkeye





Enter the option: 6
Avenger Name
Captain America                | Status
Iron Man                       | Available
Hulk                           |Available
Thor                           | On Mision           | Find the Space Infinity Stone
Hawkeye                        | On Mision           | Find the Space Infinity Stone, Get the Hulk back
Black Widow                    | Available           | Get the Hulk back




Enter the option: 7
Enter Avenger Name: Iron man
Mission Name: Find the Space Infinity Stone
Error: Thor and Hawkeye are already working on this mission.